system-variables: improve noop functions warning (#6374)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

    * `START TRANSACTION READ ONLY` and `SET TRANSACTION READ ONLY` syntax
    * The `tx_read_only`, `transaction_read_only`, `offline_mode`, `super_read_only` and `read_only` system variables

> **Warning:**
>

> > Only the default value of `OFF` can be considered safe. Setting `tidb_enable_noop_functions=1` might lead to unexpected behaviors in your application, because it permits TiDB to ignore certain syntax without providing an error. For example, the syntax `START TRANSACTION READ ONLY` will be permitted, but transactions will remain in read-write mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only the default value of `OFF` can be considered safe. Setting `tidb_enable_noop_functions=1` might lead to unexpected behaviors in your application, because it permits TiDB to ignore certain syntax without providing an error. For example, the syntax `START TRANSACTION READ ONLY` is permitted, but the transaction remains in read-write mode.
```
